Back to HarbinHome

---+ Development Progress for your group

---+++ Notes
Put your notes here
<verbatim>
To allow you to link to other documents (images etc.) within your project
in a portable way, each individual should use a wikispace alias for their
Project home directory. This takes into account that everyone does not use
the same Eclipse workspace directory on each machine.

The alias you create should be named based upon your repository name
(in lowercase) followed by the word Home. So if your Repository name
was "puzzle" your alias would be defined as "puzzleHome". Set this through
the Eclipse Window ->Preferences dialog for wiki properties.

Under the wikispace section add a new alias.
Use your alias to link to resources within your repository on wiki pages.
To keep your links portable, make sure to use this alias any time you
need to refer to your Eclipse workspace when forming a link address.
</verbatim>
puzzleHome:/notes/refactoringNotes
<verbatim>
Other commonly used aliases can be constructed in a shared file and placed
in the repository so all members of the project can share the definitions.
</verbatim>
The file should be named *wikispace.properties* and placed in your wikiNotes directory.
A definition might be projRes=http://www.cs.siu.edu/%7Ewainer/435F10/projRes

This allows you to refer to the board image for instance as (see source):
projRes:/pegPuzSTNboard.png

---++ Work Log

---++++ Week 1: Tracker: (member acting as this week's tracker)

Accomplishments, discussions of note, links to resources, examples etc.
Also update the story table back at HarbinHome.

